Grandpa
Welcome, Mr. Shen. How troublesome is this time?
No need to be polite
This auction also happens to have what I need
I didn't expect an auction to be so lively
Mr. Shen, we meet again
At auction
If Mr. Shen needs anything, please tell me.
The old man bought it all for you
Hey that trash
How can it be the most
The relationship between the top price and the official price
Is the identity behind it really not simple?
It's not living off a woman's lungs
Wait until he gets tired of being played by women
In the end, it didn't end up with a down-and-out stinky dog
Hey
Could it be that this old fox also knew about Dao Jun?
real identity
Hey, what does Mr. Shen want?
My Qin family will naturally take action
Gunma doesn't need help
Okay, the auction is about to start
Go back to your place
Mr. Shen, please
Mr. Shen?
If you need anything, feel free to ask.
Today's auction will start soon
Please take your seats
I won't waste everyone's time
Today's auction officially begins
Please invite our first lot, Centennial Meat Calm
The starting price 5 million each increase is not less than 500,000 5.50 million
6.50 million 10 million or less
9 million 9 million
9 million time
9 million twice
9 million three deals
Congratulations to this lady 9 million
calmly
9 million bought this crap
Don't pretend to understand